Jędrzej Grabala
FREELANCE PYTHON PROGRAMMER
Hello, I'm Jędrzej Grabala - and I'm a 
JG
Junior Python developer, with years of experience as a Field Service engineer in various fields, currently looking for a challenging
opportunity to combine software development skills with domain expertise in a dynamic, technology-driven organization.
PERSONAL INFO
ADDRESS
ul. Szarych Szeregów 24/46
15-666 Białystok
PHONE
+48500759624
EMAIL
jedrzej.grabala@gmail.com
GITHUB
https://github.com/JGITSol
WEBSITE
https://jgit.solutions
SKILLS
WORK HISTORY

Python
Created multiple apps with proper local GUI(PySG), Authentication(with Google Cloud, as well as Azure), CRUD operations on files
and databases, automated data entry proceses.
Deployment Methods
Local(*exe), web(streamlit via community cloud), web(Azure),
Driving license (class B in Poland)
Gathered many years of experience driving in various countries, both abroad and local.
Fault diagnostics in compliance with technical documentation
PC & Electronics field repairs
Freelancer Programmer (Business owner)
JGIT Solutions, Augustów, Polska
https://jgit.solutions
Project management, creating custom software for PC using Python with a dedicated user interface (web or
local), creating websites, online stores, and payment gateways.
2022-11 - present
Thermographic Measurements Engineer
SEAM Group Polska sp. z. o o., Warsaw
Performed thermographic measurements of electrical equipment in different industrial plants across Europe.
2022-04 - 2022-07
Field Service Engineer
Medikol Systems sp z o. o., Poznań
Installation, maintenance, diagnostics and repairs of various X-ray medical equipment(ranging from mobile xray to CT's), for Samsung and DR GEM (as an official partner), and other brands - mostly legacy systems (out of
warranty). Performing jobs on a tight schedule, contacting clients and writing technical reports on a daily basis.
Work done mostly in North-East part of Poland.
Installation Engineer
Abplanalp, Warsaw
Instalation, maintenance, diagnostis and repairs of CNC machines made by HAAS, both lathes and milling
machines. Conducting training of client's staff on basic operation and maintenance of HAAS products, updating
software and providing technical support. Work done in Poland (whole territory).
2019-11 - 2020-04
Maintenance Engineer
Keylite RW Poland, Zambrów
Resolving complex production line issues, writing projects of possible future upgrades to improve machine park,
scheduling maintenance, supporting mechanics in regards to control engineering faults, training staff on
maintenance issues of production process. Job placed in Zambrów, Poland.
2018-08 - 2019-08
Assistant Surveyor
FACE Consultants Ltd, Huddersfield
Performing various test in industrial complexes on concrete floor for compliance with british and international
standards, calibration of custom made measuring devices, writing technical documentation on done tasks. Work
done in West Europe- mostly UK, Ireland and Denmark.
2017-08 - 2018-04
Installation Technician
ATLIFT Adam Trypuć/ZEMD Jerzy Trypuć, Białystok
Instalation and disassembly of lifting devices, schematics based fault diagnostics and repair. Conducting safety
tests and maintenance in two man teams. Job based in Białystok, Poland.
2016-09 - 2017-04
Bialystok University of Technology, majoring in Automation and Robotics, undergraduate stationary
studies.
I completed my undergraduate studies in Automation and Robotics with a specialization in Automation and
Informatization of Industrial Processes, and defended my engineering thesis in June 2017. The title of my thesis
was "Detection of Driver Fatigue Using Image Analysis."
2010-10 - 2014-02
Qualifications: SEP (E) up to 1 KV, driving license category A and B
English - C1
French - A1
"Learn Robot Studio - Industrial Robot Jogging & Programming using Virtual Teach Pendant" done by Prag Robotics 
2022-02
"Industrial Robotics - Mathematical models and practical applications" - done by Fabrizio Frigeni
2022-02
"Python 3 od Podstaw do Eksperta"("Python 3 from Basics to Expert") -done by mr Arkadiusz Włodarczyk 
2022-04